Cleanup and restructure Keepers content. (#389)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/chainlink-keepers/best-practices.md

    'Network Overview': '/docs/chainlink-keepers/overview/',
  }
---
Chainlink Keepers are a powerful tool for smart contract automation. This guide demonstrates some useful patterns and best practices that you can employ within Keeper-compatible smart contracts.

> It is important to understand the gas limits for on-chain execution and off-chain computation when developing your Keeper-compatible smart contract. To learn more about the economics of Chainlink Keepers, read [How Chainlink Keepers Work](../overview/).

Reviewer: The "How Chainlink Keepers Work" page is actually the "Network Overview" page. That strikes me as potentially confusing.

If there another way we could phrase this, or "Network Overview" to fit a little better?

Author: Updated in latest push.

> ## Use `checkData` and `performData` arguments

Reviewer: Current H2 Headings:

- Use `checkData` and `performData` arguments
- Modifiers
- Patterns to Consider
- Testing
- Gas Limits

I think a better set would be:

- Functions
- Modifiers
- Useful Patterns
- Gas Limits
- Testing

Author: Updated in latest push.

If you use `checkData` and `performData`, you create a highly flexible off-chain computation infrastructure that can perform precise actions on-chain. Both of these computations are entirely programmable.

### `checkData`

You can pass information into your `checkUpkeep` function from your [Upkeep Registration](../register-upkeep/) in order to execute different code paths for validation. You can also use the value in your computation to determine if your Keeper conditions have been met.

```solidity Rinkeby
{% include samples/Keepers/checkData.sol %}
```

### `performData`

> The response from `checkUpkeep` passes as `performData` to the `performUpkeep` function. This allows you to perform complex and costly simulations with no gas cost. Then you can identify the subset of actions that you are ready to take based on the conditions that are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response from `checkUpkeep` is passed to the `performUpkeep` function as `performData`. This allows you to perform complex and costly simulations with no gas cost. Then you can identify the subset of actions that you are ready to take based on the conditions that are met.
```

Author: Updated in latest push.

  **Example**: You could create an Upkeep for each subset of addresses that you want to service. The ranges could be 0 to 49, 50 to 99, and 100 to 149.

- **Manage code paths**: pass in data to your `checkUpkeep` to make your contract logic go down different code paths. This can be used in creative ways based on your use case needs.

  **Example**: You could support multiple types of Upkeep within a single contract, and pass a function selector through the `checkData` function.

## Testing

As with all smart contract testing, it is important to test the boundaries of your smart contract in order to ensure it operates as intended. Similarly, it is important to make sure your Keeper-compatible contract operates within the parameters of the `KeeperRegistry`.

Test all of your mission-critical contracts, and stress-test the contract to confirm the performance and correct operation of your use case under load and adversarial conditions. The Chainlink Keeper Network will continue to operate under stress, but so should your contract. [Reach out](https://forms.gle/WadxnzzjHPtta5Zd9) to us if you need help, have questions, or feedback for improvement.

> ## Gas Limits

Reviewer: Let's move the "Gas Limits" section above "Testing".

Author: Updated in latest push.
